---
title: "Rencent @ 2406"
date: 2024-06-24 00:00:00
category: "读立写生"
slug: "2406"
cover: "https://imgur.lzmun.com/tricms/1714887197154-DSC04777-web.jpg"
type: post
---

> Recently, I was starting to learn English again and practicing writing articles in English, so this article may have looked a bit strange, please forgive me.

## Travle

On Mayday, I traveled to Chongqing. It was a wanderful City. Just a bit like Liuzhou (but it should be said that Liuzhou is like Chongqing).

But on rare holidays, there are really an extraordinary number of people in Chongqing. 

::Gallery
---
pic:
  - https://imgur.lzmun.com/tricms/1714887197154-DSC04777-web.jpg
  - https://imgur.lzmun.com/tricms/1714899765778-DSC04328-web.jpg
  - https://imgur.lzmun.com/tricms/1714899195855-DSC04407-web.jpg
---
::

Next, I want to travel to Hong Kong and Macao, or Japan. If it's within three years after graduation, getting a visa for Japan is relatively easy, but it becomes more troublesome after that. So Next year, maybe I will go to Japan.

Actually, I have been get the Japan visa, but the COVID-19 broken my travel plan.

## Recent Reading

Recently, I have been reading the "Glucose Revolution". 

## New Toys - 618 Special Edition

Although it is said to be a "consumption downgrade", I still bought some things during the 618.

### 1. Cuktech No.10 120W Charger

Charger is a unique hobby of mine. This is my first 120W charger and the first charger have "Plug in new devices and keep connecting" function. It is very convenient to use. 

### 2. Hand Pour Over Coffee equipment and Some Coffee Beans

I love drinking coffee, recently I bought a set of hand pour over coffee equipment to test make the hand pour over coffee by myself.

I bought two kinds of single origin beans this time, the Sidama and Tarrazu. I want make blend coffee by myself. Last week, I got some blend formula by ChatGPT, I will try to make it.

1. Citrus and floral flavors

   - 60% Ethiopia Sidama - Washed - Light Roast
   - 40% Costa Rica Tarrazu - Washed - Light Roast

2. Red wine and fruity flavors

   - 50% Kenya AA - Washed - Light Roast
   - 30% Ethiopian Yirgacheffe - Natural - Light Roast
   - 20% Costa Rica Tarrazu - Washed - Light Roast

### 3. Some clothes

I bought some clothes for exercise and for work.

A few days ago, the company told us that we cannot wear shorts to work, so the limitations on buying clothes have been increasing. In the future, when buying tops, it should also be shirts, to prevent the company from suddenly saying one day that we cannot wear round-necked clothes to work.

As for Polo shirts, I will not wear Polo shirts, not even if I die.


 ### 4. Class D Drive Lisense

 Yee, I finally got the Class D Drive Lisense. I can drive motorcycles now. I no longer need to by bus to work and I can sleep more 30 minutes in the morning.